Version 1.3 of the Moodle Gapfill question type contributed by Marcus Green
The main new feature is disableregex which switches from regular expressions for 
matching the given answer with the stored answer to do a plain string comparison. This
can be useful for maths, HTML and programming questions. In this mode the characters that have a
special meaning in regular expressions are treated as plain strings. 
This feature appears as a checkbox in the More Options section of the question editing form. The default
for this option can be set in the admin interface so you could set this to be checked by default for every
new question.

I have included a file called sample_questions.xml in with the source code that can be imported 
to illustrate the features.

It is now possible to have drag and drop with distractors in "answers in any order" mode. This is where
each field contains the same set of strings separated by the | (or) operator. In dragdrop and dropdown mode
these will be broken into separate selectable answer options. This builds on the code in the previous
version that allowed this approach in plain gapfill mode and can discard duplicate correct answers. 

This version has been modified to work with Moodle 2.6. Previous versions of this quesiton type 
will throw an error when used with Moodle 2.6 which is linked to a rule on the question text editing box.

This version has been tested mainly in Moodle 2.5 and for about a month with early versions of Moodle 2.6.
It has been installed and briefly tested with 2.4 but it will not work at all with versions of Moodle prior 
to 2.1

It is now possible to have commas in the answer strings and to have commas in distractors by escaping
them with a backslash.

A bug has been fixed that was stopping distractor options being exported to xml. A bug has been fixed in 
the CSS which meant that there was no border to the gaps when viewed in chrome.

Thanks to Adam Wojtkiewicz testing and feedback. I have implemented his suggestion for a minor modification
to the Javascript to ensure it works along with Geogebra. He has made some suggestions to allow the dragdrop 
code work on more mobile platforms which I hope to look at closely in the near future.

Thanks for testing and feedback and comments from Joseph Rézeau, Frankie Kam and Nigel Robertson and 
Wayne Prescott.

The elevator pitch for this question type is as follows

"The Gapfill question type is so easy use, the instructions require one 7 word sentence. Put square braces around
the missing words."
